Uh-huh.
I'm going to hit you
It's really wonderful to face your burning ice and fire
Then you say
I trapped him in Xuantian with ice and fire
The fire is endless, worry-free ice cave
His words and deeds will make his life worse than death
Hahahahahaha
Hahaha
Ah!
How is that possible?
The formation is broken
Just to exercise power
Injured this kid's title
This child is a demon
It's my turn
Hey.
The elders themselves go into battle
He will definitely die
Chief, please help him
Please, Yun Nian
You use the jade to transform the realm of the gods
He is a mortal
How can I damage your majesty?
Why are you so busy?
Can I bully a child?
Well, elders can use their power as much as possible
With all due respect
This is trash.
Don't be brave, little brother
Beg for mercy
Young people are so clear and stupid
Elders like to bully Beckham
Today I will fulfill it, you pick me up
Next year, he actually made ten victories
This kid rests